So we covered animations and
as I mentioned, definitely dive into the official documentation
if you want to dive deeper and run more complex animations. There are more functions, alternatives to
timing where you don't specify a timing but get realistic animation over a time
you can define,
you also learn more about how to run animations in parallel for example and way more.
You also learn about some gotchas, so that there are some values or some styles which you can't really
animate,
you can learn more about the native driver and native driver is exactly what limits your ability to
animate certain things,
so there you see that you can only animate non-layout properties like transform and opacity, so flex
elements or position properties are not animatable when using the native driver but you should use that
whenever possible to get a good performance and so on.
So this is a good place to dive deeper if you want to learn more about animations
but you should have a solid grasp of the core idea of this automatically managed value and how to use
that value to change the style over time,
you should have all that and with that, let's now conclude this module.